Feat/final rn4 touches (#405)
SovereignCloudStack/k8s-cluster-api-provider: Release-Notes-R4.md

v5.1.0 tag and a v5.1.x branch.
These branches will receive updates until the end of October 2023.

> Note that we keep our `main` branch usable by carefully testing and
> reviewing pull request prior to merging into main. So even using the
> main branch should not result in a fairly stable situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we keep our `main` branch usable by carefully testing and
reviewing pull requests prior to merging into main. So even using the
main branch should result in a fairly stable situation.
```
